README.md, before:

![banner](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/banner.png)


# Vue Training 🏆
Vue Training is a platform designed to enhance your Vue.js skills through practical challenges and quizzes. You will find a variety of exercises where you must implement the necessary logic to pass the tests.





## 🚀 Features
  ### 📌 Interactive challenges with Test validation

  Solve Vue.js-specific problems with clear instructions. Each challenge includes tests to verify that your solution is correct.

  ![challenge](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/challenge.webp)


  ### 🧠 Vue.js quizzes

  Test your knowledge with multiple-choice questions.
  
  ![quiz](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/quiz.webp)



## 🎯 How does it work?
  Select a challenge from the site.

  Open it in StackBlitz and implement your solution.

  Make sure the tests pass before marking it as completed.

  Check the solution if you need help.


## 🌟 Contributions
If you have ideas for new challenges or improvements, contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

DOCS(README): Remove "How does it work?" section and add random tips section.

README.md, after:

![banner](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/banner.png)


# Vue Training 🏆
Vue Training is a platform designed to enhance your Vue.js skills through practical challenges and quizzes. You will find a variety of exercises where you must implement the necessary logic to pass the tests.





## 🚀 Features
  ### 📌 Interactive challenges with Test validation

  Solve Vue.js-specific problems with clear instructions. Each challenge includes tests to verify that your solution is correct.

  ![challenge](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/challenge.webp)


  ### 🧠 Vue.js quizzes

  Test your knowledge with multiple-choice questions.
  
  ![quiz](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/quiz.webp)

  ### 🎲 Random Tips 

  A collection of useful tips and tricks to enhance your Vue.js skills.

  ![tips](https://emilianoac.github.io/vue-training/readme-images/random-tip.webp)


## 🌟 Contributions
If you have ideas for new challenges or improvements, contributions are welcome!
